add a warning (#5696)
vuejs/vue-cli: docs/guide/cli-service.md

Options:

  --mode         specify env mode (default: production)

>   --dest         specify output directory (default: dist), warning: content of the directory would be deleted 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  --dest         specify output directory (default: dist) WARNING: all content of the directory will be deleted
```
